Since what are you going to do?
Can you afford it when I'm here?
Oops old thing
I really dare not touch you!
Someone bring Su Xue down to me
That's my Song Mingshuai
As for this immortal
Let him be buried in this mourning hall
Let go of me, don't you all stop
Ah!
Ah brother-in-law
You're finally back.
let go
Mom
Are you Chu Chen?
Exactly.
It's me, it's you who's going to demolish our house
And he hit my mom
He's my brother.
I demolish your house
It is to welcome today's Long Shuai
How dare you hinder me from welcoming Long Shuai?
Welcome Long Shuai
Did Long Shuai say
The powerful are not allowed to disturb the people
No violence
How can you cooperate?
Chu Chen, do you know who Feng Shao is?
How dare you talk to Feng Shao like that?
Why don't you kneel down and apologize?
Pardon me?
You asked me to apologize to him
Miss, you are my wife
You hug an outsider and talk
My brother-in-law is my sister
Joined forces with Feng Shao to demolish your house
Pardon me?
Chu Chen is not afraid to tell you
In fact, I have long been Feng Shao's person
There really is a man like Feng Shao
Are you worthy of it?
brother-in-law
Feng Shao's family is one of the four major families in Haicheng
Powerful
If you take your aunt, run away
I'll complain to them.
It's too late now
Tu Chen, if you kneel down and kowtow for me now
Maybe I can spare your life
Tu Chen, I can only take the blessing and kneel down and beg you
Please don't ask to come
Yes, yes, yes.
I don't want to beg you to let my son go, do I?